okay hello peoples of youtube today I'm
going to be showing you how to use music
right here and iOS 6 perfectly cracked
no need to purchase it syncs everything
no need to change any of your data see
6.1 right there okay it's what you do to
prove that works I've already done the
pre search so it should still be there
if not I'll just search again yeah
these you get your song yada yada yada
get it whoo okay yeah whatever okay yeah
check out they look fine to me and you
sink them over as you see here there is
no you have blank at a 10 left or
anything like that is just import
successful I've done this like five
times now so it goes past the forum on
purpose so i know this works so there is
no purchase to be done you saw them on
iOS 6.1 i have not purchased it and this
is the correct version so let me show
you all how i did that first get the
correct version of cydia they can be
gotten from comsol top music or the
insanely I repo for those who don't want
to do commune do command line it's
apt-get install come that's all that
music and it'll install it okay then you
download the original one the 2.8 point2
version because you're going to merge
two files from the two point eight point
one you just download it as an you start
you click install let it finish
downloading if you do a whole bunch
other package click cancel once that one
finishes or apt-get install dash D music
and on download it for you from there
you download it and right here right
here okay then you go through and you
extract these two okay you take those
two that you're extracting and then you
go to
library mobilesubstrate dynamic
libraries edit paste over it all done
you've patched it for Iowa six now and
you are good you're running fully
cracked musique can sink and do whatever
without messing with any other files now
you don't have to trach your file
version you don't have to use the only
ten or for whatever it is you get the
full version now and that's it peace